# <body\>

*This is where the content of the HTML content goes.*

This tag (also commonly referred as the body element) contains all the other tags and elements, such as text, images, divs, links, tables, lists, headings, etc.

It only can be only one body element in a document, generally speaking this is considered as the main wrap where the full content will live.

## Is a tag

Yes, but is also considerated as an element.

## Syntax

The syntax for the body tag is:
```
<body>
</body>
```

## Attributes

- **onafterprint** Function to call after the user has printed the document.
- **onbeforeprint** Function to call when the user requests printing of the document.
- **onbeforeunload** Function to call when the document is about to be unloaded.
- **onblur** Function to call when the document loses focus.
- **onerror** Function to call when the document fails to load properly.
- **onfocus** Function to call when the document receives focus.
- **onhashchange** Function to call when the fragment identifier part (starting with the hash ('#')         character) of the document's current address has changed.
- **onlanguagechange** Function to call when the preferred languages changed.
- **onload** Function to call when the document has finished loading.
- **onmessage** Function to call when the document has received a message.
- **onoffline** Function to call when network communication has failed.
- **ononline** Function to call when network communication has been restored.
- **onpopstate** Function to call when the user has navigated session history.
- **onredo** Function to call when the user has moved forward in undo transaction history.
- **onresize** Function to call when the document has been resized.
- **onstorage** Function to call when the storage area has changed.
- **onundo** Function to call when the user has moved backward in undo transaction history.
- **onunload** Function to call when the document is going away.


## Browser Compatibility

- Chrome
- Android
- Firefox (Gecko)
- Firefox Mobile (Gecko)
- Internet Explorer (IE)
- IE Phone
- Opera
- Opera Mobile
- Safari (WebKit)
- Safari Mobile


## Example

As the body tag is unique and wraps all the content in the html, it doesn't need too much presentation.

```

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="es">
    <head>
        <title>Here goes the title</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <!-- All the content is here-->
    </body>
</html>
```

## Special notes

It's always the **second child** of the <html\> element